[Music]
we tested the 14 most popular culinary
hacks we at brights I love surfing the
net in search of those helpful tricks
that make our lives easier lately we've
decided to test out some of them on our
own for example are those culinary life
hacks as effective as their likes and
repost appear to suggest is it true that
your milk will stay inside the saucepan
if you put a wooden spoon on the top of
it will it help to avoid tears if he
sprinkle the cutting board with salt
before cutting onions let's check
together
number 14 fast wait to cut cherry
tomatoes have you heard that to cut all
your cherry tomatoes in half at once you
need to put them between two flat plates
and slice through the gap with a sharp
knife let's look at the process itself
cutting Tomatoes in this way is very
cumbersome we only minish to slice a few
and then had to resort to doing it the
old-fashioned way this life hack might
work if you use a very sharp knife but
even then you'll hardly succeed in
slicing the fruit exactly in half
moreover don't forget a very sharp knife
the conclusion we have to draw is
unsatisfying this doesn't work
number thirteen over boiled milk we've
got to know if this works to make sure
your milk doesn't boil over you need to
put a wooden spoon on top of the
saucepan to reach an unmistakable result
we didn't spare the heat beneath the pan
and guess what
the milks still over boiled and the
wooden spoon did absolutely nothing to
prevent it well it seems this life hack
is complete nonsense number twelve
cupcake in a mug
sometimes you realize that you urgently
need an injection of carbohydrates
preferably in the form of a cute little
cupcake you put to stir all the process
of baking because of one small pastry
really a quick and easy way of making
delicious cupcakes is to put the
ingredients in a mug and place it in the
microwave perhaps you have seen special
ready mixtures exactly for this purpose
on the shelves of supermarkets but it's
also possible to do it yourself
it is claimed that you will spend only
seven minutes for the whole process the
question that we have does it work and
is it edible to prepare the cake we took
one egg and mixed it with small amounts
of flour sugar and cocoa then we added a
little water some baking powder and a
pinch of salt and mix it together to be
honest our dish had an acquired taste
the cupcake turned out somewhat rubbery
tasting more like a pancake but most
likely a great deal depends on the
quality of the ingredients the recipe
can come in handy as a fun way of
introducing your kids to the world of
home cooking so it works but the results
may not be to everyone's liking
especially if you have a refined taste
number eleven peeling eggs extra fast
the idea is that to make peeling your
eggs easier you should place them in
cold water after boiling this is a good
old life hack tried and tested by our
grandmothers and mothers and it deserves
a well-earned reputation placing eggs in
cold water makes them easy to peel so
use it it works like a charm
number 10 frozen grapes instead of ice
it's stated that frozen grapes can be
used to chill wine sometimes there's
just no time to cool the whole bottle
down in this case you need to toss a
couple of frozen grapes in a glass of
wine it shouldn't be a surprise that
white grapes will complement white wines
and red grapes will go perfectly with
red ones but it's mostly a matter of
aesthetics what results have we got
unlike ice cubes which melt in the glass
frozen grapes do not dilute the drink
they cool your wine just as effectively
and look beautiful to boot try it out it
works
number nine avoiding onion tears do you
always cry while cutting onions it can
be so irritating especially if you're a
girl and are wearing makeup maybe the
thing that will save you is sprinkling
your cutting board with salt in the
course of our brave experiment we
determined that this life hack does save
you some tears but by no means all of
them it works but the effect onions have
on your eyes is only slightly softened
so waterproof mascara it is
number eight making ice cream softer are
you an ice cream lover you know the one
who buys big packages of this cold
goodness puts them whole in the freezer
and then has immense difficulties trying
to scoop a portion they say that
wrapping an ice cream package in a
plastic bag before putting it in the
freezer makes the ice cream softer
therefore easier to scoop let's see
prolonged storage in the freezer usually
makes ice cream hard which means that
you have to wait before you can serve or
eat it trying out this light pack helped
our ice cream to retain its softness as
a result we were able to serve it in
beautiful glass dishes quickly hooray
ice cream lovers this works number seven
sliced avocado if you've sliced an
avocado in half but only intend to use
one of the halves right away make sure
you select the half without the pit the
half that contains the pit has a much
better chance of remaining fresh in the
fridge well we conducted our experiment
by leaving two avocado halves in the
fridge one contained a pit the other
didn't after two days
both have looked far from fresh this
doesn't work
eat your avocados right away and don't
store them
number six peeling garlic fast do you
often get annoyed by the intricate work
you need to perform just to get a peel
free head of garlic it is believed that
to do it quickly you are to put it in a
jar and shake it well it is a useful
life hack indeed if you want to peel
several heads of garlic at once just
don't forget to cut off the ends and
shake the jar as hard as you can
otherwise nothing will happen no more
wasting time on an unnecessary task this
life hack works number five
olive oil ice cubes this hint says
freezing olive oil in ice cube trays
makes it last much longer even after a
year you can still safely fry using it
you can add herbs and greens to the oil
before freezing it and then use them
with hot dishes or salads frozen in such
a way your greens retain their flavor
and aroma at the same time their sin
becomes much more subdued and less
likely to cling to the rest of the
freezers contents nothing could prevent
us from drying out this tip it turns out
that the success of it depends on the
quality of the oil if you use unrefined
oil it will congeal at 41 degrees
Fahrenheit
however ordinary filtered frying oil
will not freeze that easily so it works
if you're using high quality oil
number four keeping apples from browning
maybe you have come across the advice
that lemon juice can help to keep
freshly cut apple slices from browning
how does it work
just sprinkle sliced apples with a small
amount of fresh lemon juice in our
experiment it produced a fantastic
effect not only had it prevented the
slices from browning but it also made
the apples flesh look whiter and more
radiant therefore if you need beautiful
looking apples whether to feed your
picky kids or to decorate a dish
remember this truly works number three
keeping bananas fresh wrapping plastic
film around a bunch of bananas stems
will help the fruit to remain fresh
longer it works even better if you
separate the bananas first and cover
each stem with plastic film to test this
lifehack we used two bananas one wrapped
in plastic film the other in its own
natural state what do you think the
result was after three days both fruits
became equally inedible this lifehack
doesn't work too bad but it seems
nothing can stop a natural process of
decay
number two cooking an egg inside out you
can cook an egg inside out meaning that
when you peel it you'll see the yolk
encircling the white using a pair of
stockings and some sticky tape the
advice goes like this wrap an egg
entirely in sticky tape place it in a
pair of stockings and give it a good
spin a very very good spin this will
cause the white and yellow yolk to trade
places don't forget to boil the egg
afterward without removing the sticky
tape this life hack is not for your
average fragile lady quickly spinning an
egg inside a pair of stockings is a
difficult task moreover once cooked the
egg proves extremely difficult to peel
perhaps for someone without standing
strength and nerves of steel this tip
might prove useful for us this just
didn't work if you have managed to do it
boast in the comments number one
keeping your greens fresh come on I
bought this lettuce just yesterday why
does it already look dead have you ever
had this unfortunate situation the
internet recommends helping your greens
to remain fresh for several days by
tying them in a bundle putting them in
water and covering them with a plastic
bag we thought why not we used two
bunches of greens one of the bunches was
subjected to all the manipulations
described in the life hack and the other
one was left as it was a few days later
the result became apparent the method
described in the tip helps to preserve
your greens freshness 100% what magic is
it don't hesitate to use it it works
were you trying to tips out along with
us or maybe you know some other culinary
tricks share your experience in the
comments and give us a thumbs up and if
you want to dive headfirst into the
world of interesting facts subscribe to
our Channel
join us on the bright side